
Lesson 7 Hands-On45 points
Directions
For your Lesson 7 Hands-On, you will be working with the Redux Counter project you created in this lesson. However, you will be provided a fresh copy of this project for this Hands-On. This Hands-On will be graded, so be sure you complete all requirements.

Caution!
Do not submit your project until you have completed all requirements! You will not be able to resubmit.

Setup
Start off by downloading the starter project and unzipping it. The starter project will be in a folder named redux-counter.

Starter Project

After unzipping, move the starter project folder to the FEFReact folder located inside the SoftwareDevelopment folder and rename it from redux-counter to L07HandsOn.

Open up your terminal/command prompt.

Run the following to navigate to your Desktop

cd Desktop
Next, navigate to the SoftwareDevelopment directory in your terminal.

cd SoftwareDevelopment
Then, navigate to the FEFReact directory in your terminal.

cd FEFReact
Navigate into the L07HandsOn directory:

cd L07HandsOn
Now that you are in the L07HandsOn directory, run the following:

npm install
Once npm has finished installing, you can test that the server is working with the following command:

npm start
You should now see your browser open up to the Redux Counter project.

Tip!
You can stop this process by pressing Control + C in the terminal, but for now, keep the server running.

Requirements
Within your Redux Counter project, you will be adding functionality and code while keeping the current code the same.

Step 1
Create two more buttons: one that will increment the number by 5 and one that will decrement the number by 10.
You will need two more actions and case statements to handle this.
Step 2
Make it clear on the page what each button is doing. It should look similar to the example below.
Example
Counter that currently reads zero. There are buttons under it that read increase by 1, increase by 5, decrease by 1, decrease by 10, and reset.

Additional Info!
Watch a workshop recording very similar to this Hands On: Front End Frameworks React - Lesson 7 - Redux Continued.

Caution!
Be sure to zip and submit your entire L07HandsOn directory when finished!

Drop files to upload, or click to browse.
No file chosen
Submit Project
